# A self-medicine delivery system with a pass key for COVID patients
(Technurse Device)

# Overview:
Technurse device is a device that will be used as a nurse using contactless delivery to deliver medicine between COVID patients and doctors. The application of the Technurse device will include four main functionalities. The first functionality will be a passkey that uses a dual D flip-flop (74LS74) along with an AND (7408) and NOT (7404) gates for the design to be ‘101’, where two buttons are used to function as a clock and a switch. In addition, a LED light can be added to the circuit to notify that the button has been pressed and the pulse is still in process. Secondly, sequential timer for DC motors using a 555 monostable IC timer circuit to stay in the stable state unless a trigger is applied. DC motors using simple h- bridge SN754410 circuit for direction and speed control of the DC motor, where the higher the voltage the higher the speed. To be precise, the h-bridge controls the DC motor direction using transistors. Thirdly, detecting sensors to detect motion if any type of obstacle is placed or removed using a proximity sensor connected to the dc motors circuit. Lastly, a 555 IC timer audio amplifier that works in monostable mode using a beeper circuit that consists of a 555 IC timer. By using transistors or power amplifiers the output sound can be further improved. The circuit is connected to an automatic on/off buzzer to generate a beep tone when the nurse detects an obstacle.
